All right, my friends, let's get started on our payment service.
So once again, we are going to make essentially a duplicate of a lot of stuff inside of our ticket
service.
I'll first begin by creating a new directory and I'll call it payments.
I'm also going to zoom in just you can see this a little bit more easily.
Then inside of tickets, I'm going to take Docker.
Ignore Docker file package json nts config.
I'm going to copy all those and paste them into payments.
Then inside of payments, I'm going to create a folder of CRC.
And from tickets we're going to copy paste a decent amount of stuff over.
So we're going to take MOX.
We will take test app index.
And that's rapper.
So the only thing that we are not taking are events, models and routes.
I'm going to copy all that over and paste it into the Payments CRC directory.
And that is it.
That is everything we need to get started.
As usual, we're now going to go through a couple of these files and make a few updates here and there.
Well, then install some dependencies, build a Docker image, and then add in some config on the Kubernetes
side.
Let's go through this file by file.
So first off, in the box directory, definitely no changes required there.
How about the test setup file?
Probably no changes required.
About us?
Well, definitely inside of here, we've got a lot of routing stuff related to our ticket service.
So inside of here, I'm going to delete the four imports for the routers.
And then going to scroll down a little bit.
And find where we wired up all those different routers.
Now there are some other areas inside of here, but they will go away once we start to install some
dependencies.
So if right now I'm going to save this and we'll move on to our next file index.
Inside of indexes.
We definitely do not need those two listeners at the top.
I'm also going to delete the two listeners after we initialize the Nats wrapper.
I think that's pretty good for this file.
So I'll save this one and close it.
Nasser upper definitely no changes required.
And finally, let's move on to our package Jason File.
So inside of package Jason, we'll update the name on this package.
Again, not really required, but while we're here, let's do it anyways.
And then on our list of dependencies, we're actually going to want all the same dependencies.
Our payment service is going to be very similar nature to tickets and orders and that it's going to
be processing events, publishing events, and it's also going to implement the express side of our
application as well.
So it's going to have a handler or two that is very different from, say, the expiration service,
which we set up a bit ago.
In the expiration service, we deleted a ton of dependencies because it did not need to handle any incoming
network requests.
All right, so let's save this package, JSON file.
I'll then go back over to my terminal.
We're going to build an initial Docker image out of this thing and then do our Kubernetes setup.
So back at my terminal.
I'll change into payments.
Inside of there.
We'll do a Docker build to your Docker ID.
And then naturally we will call this thing payments.
And don't forget the dot on the very end.
So I'm going to let that do its thing.
Don't forget, we do want to push this off to Docker Hub.
So we are going to come back to this terminal window in just a moment and do that Docker push.
But while this initial install is running, let's go install or do a little bit of Kubernetes setup
first.
Now because we kind of forgot it on the expiration service.
Let's first begin by setting up that scaffold YAML file and adding in yet another block to handle code
sync for this new payment service.
So inside of scaffolding html.
We will copy that last block right there.
Paste it down.
Make some indentation.
And then I'll change expiration once and twice.
So two locations right there, two payments instead.
That looks good.
So I'll say this file and close it.
And then finally we will go over to our infra directory and create a deployment and we are going to
have a MongoDB database for this service as well.
We haven't really discussed what data is really going to be living inside the payment service beyond
this diagram right here and saying that we're going to have something called charges in orders.
But suffice it to say, we will need a MongoDB database and we will expand on the nature of these two
records over time.
Right now, let's just set up a copy of MongoDB in addition to the payments deployment.
So inside of k eights I'll make a new file of payments dash devel html.
I'm going to open up the tickets deployment file.
Once again, I'm going to copy everything.
And then paste it into this new payments deployment.
Then we'll go through and once again update tickets to payments.
So going to change once, twice, three or five.
All those over to payments.
On the environment variable section.
We definitely want to have the same Nats client ID setup, same Nats URL, same cluster ID, but we
will change the Mongo URI.
So we're going to set the Mughal URI to be a copy of Mongo specifically made for the payments deployment.
So I'll change tickets right there to payments.
And I'll change the name of the internal database inside this Mongo instance that we're going to connect
to to payments as well.
So we just need to make sure that when we create the MongoDB database or the payments deployment or
the payment service, we just need to make sure it has a cluster IP service with the name of payments,
mongo CRV.
All right.
On to the bottom.
Here's our service for the payments deployment.
Once again, we'll find once, twice, three time and change them all two payments.
I should now be able to do a find in this file, look for the word tickets and get no results.
The Nats cluster ID right there of ticketing is OC that is different from the ticket service.
All right.
So that is it for our payments deployment file.
So I'm going to close this thing out.
Then I will also create another new file inside of our case directory.
This one will be payments mongo devel html.
And once again this is going to be identical in nature to our tickets mongo deployment file.
So we'll open that one up.
Just do another copy, paste it in, and once again we'll go through and update tickets once, twice,
three or four times over to payments.
And then on the cluster IP service, we'll change the name on this thing as well.
Once and twice.
Two payments.
And that should be it.
All right, let's go see how our Docker image is.
It looks like it's all built.
Well, go ahead and do a push over to Docker Hub.
That will be a Docker push.
My Docker ID slash payments.
That is going to take a moment or two to get pushed over.
So just as a quick reminder, when we come back, we really want to make sure that scaffold is up and
running.
You might already see the payment service up and running right here, or you might see something from
scaffold that says, Hey, can't find this digest or some ID like that.
Remember, you can always just start up stop scaffold and then restart it.
Just keep in mind that when you restart scaffold you might get a pod or two saying that it cannot connect
to not nets.
So if you see any messages saying, Hey, I can't connect nets or anything like that, you will want
to right now just manually restart those pods.
And as a reminder, to do a manual restart, we can open up a new terminal window.
Do a little, get pods.
Find the pod that is failing to connect and you'll have to look up the name.
Based upon the logs you see inside a scaffold.
And then you'll do a cube.
It'll.
Delete pod and whatever the name of the pod is that you want to reset.
And again, you only have to do all this stuff if you decide that you have to restart scaffold.
Okay.
So let's take a pause right here.
The next video, you're going to have the expectation that everything is up and running.
So at this point, I think that you've probably seen a lot of scenarios where stuff is not quite working
as expected.
So I'm going to kind of leave it up to you to do a little bit of troubleshooting on your own and hopefully
come out in the next video with everything up and running.